# Level Up Life
Level Up Life All citizens have a certain set of responsibilities towards the “better citizen” status quo. With technology becoming more accessible, societies-as we know them today- are diminishing. With things taking a more virtual turn, societies would be unheard of. In places with extreme temperatures especially, where public spaces are impractical, virtual societies can prove to be a boon. The app basically promotes the spirit that- “The chance to help someone out in between our daily life, and to do good everyday, is given to only few lucky ones”. This would allow us to keep a track of our own responsibility as an individual towards society. Sharing it with others from the neighborhood could gain a sense of recognition. Whether it is helping the old granny help cross the road, or shovel the pavement after snow. The user can either take up a task shown as pending or perform a task and upload it later, which can be approved by others if they were involved as well. As we step into 2019, the explosion of human population in many countries has led to a significant increase in environmental degradation. From loss of vegetation to waste disposal, every need could be addressed using this app. In remote areas this could be a life saving mechanism in conditions of wildfire or wind storms. On a more futuristic level, the points the user earns by performing these tasks of social responsibility can be used towards a ‘BetterCitizen!’ Program. Under this program, the credits earned by the user can be used instead of their Credit History while giving out loans. The “Better Citizen’s” could avail benefits on their taxes, insurance schemes, pension plans, etc. The higher the ‘BetterCitizen!’ points, the greater the benefits, like the levels of a game! The system will let the user track their daily achievements, big or small, gaining motivation while progressing in a video game-style online platform. All the achievements will be accomplishments that the user can do to improve themselves, their life, and the world around them can be tracked and documented through this system.
